{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Tap 3 beta test copy:\
\
Welcome to the Tap 3 iOS Beta!\
\
You've been selected to test the Tap 3 mobile game prior to its official release. If you have time, we'd really love your feedback on the following areas (in order of importance):\
\
THE MOST IMPORTANT ITEMS:\
\
1. Does the game ever crash or freeze on you? If so, can you describe what you were doing just before it crashed or froze?\
\
2. Does everything appear to be working normally? By "normally" we mean, doest text always appear in a readable, appropriate size, do the tiles always load and animate in what appears to be a correct manner, do the advertisements appear to load properly, are you able to touch and interact with objects and buttons when appropriate, etc. Basically, if something looks or behaves weird, let us know :)\
\
3. For the Beta, you can purchase in-app purchases and bonus items free of cost. Does "purchasing" items from the "Buy Bonus Items" menu work properly? Are your items saved when you close and open the app again? If you delete the beta app and re-install it, does the "Restore Purchases" button in the "Options" menu restore previous purchases? If you purchase "Remove Ads" are all advertisements removed from the game? \
\
4. Are your high scores posting to Game Center properly? Are you receiving achievements (well... if you earn them)? If you're not connected to the Game Center during a play session, but earn a new high score, does the high score get posted after playing again when logged into Game Center?\
\
OPINIONS ON GAME:\
\
The most important feedback is whether Tap 3 runs smoothly for everyone without crashing or glitching. However, we\'92d like to know what you think of the gameplay experience, too. Keep in mind, Tap 3 is designed to be challenging. We have 4 game modes, each offering different levels of challenge. The more you play the game, the more it will \'93click\'94 with your brain. In other words, don\'92t start with Classic and say \'93This game is too hard!!!\'94 :)\
\
1. Which game mode is your favorite and why?\
2. Which bonus items are your favorite and why?\
3. We can already track your highest score through Game Center, but if you want to personally brag about your best scores, let us know\'97and we\'92ll know if you\'92re lying ;)\
4. Ok\'85 ok\'85 If the game is too hard, what makes it hard? Which modes and why? \
5. How long do you usually play the game in one sitting?\
6. How many times do you play the game in one day?\
7. How would you rate Tap 3, App Store, style (on a scale of 1-5)? (You won\'92t hurt our feelings).\
\
IN CONCLUSION:\
\
Thanks for playing!!}